README.md, before:

## keivanzavari.github.io

Personal blog/website built with jekyll and theme sustain



## Sustain
[Sustain Live Demo](https://biomadeira.github.io/sustain)

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/biomadeira/sustain.png?branch=gh-pages)](http://travis-ci.org/biomadeira/sustain)
[![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruby-2.1,_2.2-blue.svg?style=flat)](http://travis-ci.org/biomadeira/sustain)
[![Jekyll](https://img.shields.io/badge/jekyll-2.4.0,_3.0.0-blue.svg?style=flat)](http://travis-ci.org/biomadeira/sustain)

Personal blog built with [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/), powered by [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) and freely
hosted in [Github pages](https://pages.github.com/).


## View the live demo

[Sustain Live Demo](https://biomadeira.github.io/sustain)



## How to use it

Simply clone/fork this repository, and then run `jekyll serve` inside the directory.
Edit the site attributes in *_config.yml* and edit the various entries in *_includes/* and *_posts/*.


## Issues and contributing 

I have tested this install with Ruby v2.2.2p95 (Mac OS RVM) and Jekyll v3.0.0. If you run into any problems please log them on the [issue tracker](https://github.com/biomadeira/sustain/issues).

Feel free pull-request your patches and fixes.


## Copyright & License

Copyright (C) 2015 - Released under the MIT License.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

added link to this website

README.md, after:

## keivanzavari.github.io

Personal blog/website built with jekyll and theme sustain



## Sustain
[Sustain Live Demo](https://biomadeira.github.io/sustain)

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/biomadeira/sustain.png?branch=gh-pages)](http://travis-ci.org/biomadeira/sustain)
[![Ruby](https://img.shields.io/badge/ruby-2.1,_2.2-blue.svg?style=flat)](http://travis-ci.org/biomadeira/sustain)
[![Jekyll](https://img.shields.io/badge/jekyll-2.4.0,_3.0.0-blue.svg?style=flat)](http://travis-ci.org/biomadeira/sustain)

Personal blog built with [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/), powered by [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/) and freely
hosted in [Github pages](https://pages.github.com/).


## View the live demo

[Obviously this website is also a demo](https://keivanzavari.github.io/)

[Original sustain Live Demo](https://biomadeira.github.io/sustain)



## How to use it

Simply clone/fork this repository, and then run `jekyll serve` inside the directory.
Edit the site attributes in *_config.yml* and edit the various entries in *_includes/* and *_posts/*.


## Issues and contributing 

I have tested this install with Ruby v2.2.2p95 (Mac OS RVM) and Jekyll v3.0.0. If you run into any problems please log them on the [issue tracker](https://github.com/biomadeira/sustain/issues).

Feel free pull-request your patches and fixes.


## Copyright & License

Copyright (C) 2015 - Released under the MIT License.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
