---
layout: post
title: Git pre-commit
tags:
- Git
- Guide
---

Git is insanely complicated and powerful. After a few of years of using it daily for work and hobby projects, I must confess there are still a lot of things I don't know about it. That's why I decided to share what I learned a while ago about git hooks.

## Git hooks

Coming from the [project website][1]:
> Like many other Version Control Systems, Git has a way to fire off custom scripts when certain important actions occur.

If you are in a git repository, look into the directory `ls .git/hooks/`. There you see a list of `.sample` scripts like this:

```
applypatch-msg.sample  pre-applypatch.sample      pre-push.sample
commit-msg.sample      pre-commit.sample          pre-rebase.sample
post-update.sample     prepare-commit-msg.sample  update.sample
```

If you would like to know what they are, I suggest having a look at the scripts and also having a look [at this website][2]. There you find a nice overview and a much better explanation than I could ever offer. In this post I however, would like to show you a bit of `pre-commit` hook.

### Git pre-commit hooks

As the name suggest, it's a hook that will be applied before you commit anything (read a set of rules). If you look into the `pre-commit.smaple` file, you see this:

> An example hook script to verify what is about to be committed. Called by "git commit" with no arguments.  The hook should exit with non-zero status after issuing an appropriate message if it wants to stop the commit.

In other words, basically you can write bash scripts to check and maybe modify the content of files that are to be committed. But writing complicated bash scripts is not a job for everyone and definitely not fun for all of us.

Fortunately for the ones who don't want to get into how to write pre-commit scripts, there is an easier and much quicker solution.

#### pre-commit project

This project according to [its website][3] is

> A framework for managing and maintaining multi-language pre-commit hooks.

You can install it via pip like this: `pip install pre-commit --user`.

According to the project documentation it requires: `Python >=2.7, !=3.0.*, !=3.1.*, !=3.2.*, !=3.3.*`.

It generates the pre-commit script for you based on a configuration file (with [YAML][4] syntax). Pre-commit project [website][3] has nicely documented how you can write the necessary`.yaml` files and how to setup the git pre-commit hook.

[Here][5] I have setup a simple repository to show how it works. I encourage you to look into `.pre-commit-config.yaml` file. In my sample project, I make use of
- a large set of already developed rules ([more info here][6]),
- and some local rules. For the local rules, I call *clang-format* on C++ files and *yapf* on Python files.

You can define your own rules if you don't find what you need already [out there][6].

If you look further into it, you see that `.pre-commit-config.yaml` is quite flexible. You can even call other scripts, pass arguments to scripts, and you can even use the powerful world of [regular expressions][7].

Once you have setup the configuration file, all you need to do is `pre-commit install` inside your git repository and a `pre-commit` python script is generated and placed under `.git/hooks/`.

[1]: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Customizing-Git-Git-Hooks
[2]: https://githooks.com/
[3]: https://pre-commit.com/
[4]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML
[5]: https://github.com/keivanzavari/pre-commit-hook
[6]: https://pre-commit.com/hooks.html
[7]: https://docs.python.org/3/howto/regex.html#regex-howto
